this is a setup tutorial for the Schmidt
styleliner electric mark 3 marking
system with XPe controls after your
unpack your marking equipment you'll
find the column mounted electric marking
head
the cables foot controls the controller
monitor with cables keyboard mouse and a
mousepad the first thing you will want
to do is plug all the cables into the
back of your controller after connecting
the blue vga cable to the monitor plug
the other end of the cable into the blue
vga port on the back of the controller
don't forget to tighten the screws on
each side of the connector head next
you'll connect the keyboard and mouse
cables into their matching color
appropriate ports on the back of the
controller then connect the
communications cable when connecting the
communications cable be sure to line up
the internal pins for ease of placement
once properly lined up turn the
tightening knob on the end of the cable
head which will pull the cable into
place and lock it into position before
plugging in the power cable make sure to
check the voltage settings slide the
voltage switch to the appropriate
electrical setting for your country or
region
then finally connect the power cable to
the back of the controller
connect the communications cable to the
back of your style line or marking head
making sure you line up the internal
pins the same way you did for the
controller and then tighten the knob
into the lock position your marking
system will now be ready for you to set
up your mark turn on the monitor turn on
the power to the controller and wait for
the computer to boot up
once the computer is ready click on the
administrator icon to begin the star
write software will begin loading
automatically click the a icon in the
menu bar to bring up the mark text
dialog box drag the text box to the
desired marking location and
double-click the text box to edit type
in your text
select your font
and click okay
if placing a logo in your mark click the
landscape icon next to the text icon and
select your logo or trademark file
select and double-click or select and
open to add the file to your mark window
drag the logo to the desired mark
location double-click to resize enter
the size value and click OK click the
logo again to initiate the size change
and drag to the desired mark location
you are now ready to mark once you have
created your mark place your part into
the mark area on the style line or
marking machine and turn the manual
crank handle to adjust the height of the
marking head pin directly over your part
and using the mouse or keyboard shortcut
execute your mark
this concludes the setup tutorial for
the styleliner electric mark 3 marking
system with XPe controls